With all my strength…
I'll do what I can right now!
Smash!
It doesn't hurt as much as before…
It wasn't a throw that relied on power.
He just concentrated all the power
into his fingertip?
Mr. Aizawa…
I can still move!
This kid…
He got over 700 meters?
Finally. a hero-like record!
His finger's swollen!
There was the entrance exam. too.
He has a strange Quirk…
It's not very stylish.
What's with that power?
Everyone's Quirks
manifest by the age of four.
This is unthinkable!
But in reality…
Someone told me:
"You can become a hero"…
That it was because of my own effort!
What is the meaning of this?
Hey! Tell me what's going on.
Deku. you bastard!
What the…
This cloth is hard!
They're weapons for capture
made of carbon fiber
woven together with metal wire
made of a special alloy.
Jeez…
Don't keep making me use
my Quirk over and over.
I have dry eye.
It's such a waste.
since his Quirk is so amazing!
U.A. High's homeroom teacher
for Class 1-A. Shota Aizawa.
He can erase the Quirks
of those he looks at.
The effect goes away
when he blinks!
We're wasting time.
Whoever's next. get ready.
Is your finger all right?
Oh. yeah.
Until a little while ago.
he was just a pebble
on the side of the road.
You're so lucky. Kacchan.
Your Quirk's so cool!
I hope I get mine soon. too.
No matter what Quirk you get.
you'll never beat me.
A pebble…
on the side of the road!
EPISODE SIX:
RAGE. YOU DAMN NERD
After that.
I fought against the pain
as we finished
the rest of the fitness tests.
Okay. I'll quickly tell you the results.
The total is simply the marks
you got from each test.
It's a waste of time to explain verbally.
so I'll show you the results all at once.
The person with the lowest total score
will be expelled.
The only result I had that was any good
was in the ball throw.
For the rest of the tests.
I did terribly because of the pain.
1 MOMO YAOYOROZU
2 SHOTO TODOROKI
3 KATSUKI BAKUGO - 4 TENYA IIDA
5 FUMIKAGE TOKOYAMI
6 MEZO SHOJI - 7 MASHIRAO OJIRO
8 KIRISHIMA - 9 ASHIDO - 10 URARAKA
Last place will be…
expelled?
By the way.
I was lying about the expulsion.
It was a rational deception to draw out
the upper limits of your Quirks.
What?
Of course that was a lie.
It should've been obvious
if you just thought it through.
I didn't notice…
That was a little nerve-wracking. huh?
I'll take up the challenge anytime!
With that. we're done here.
There are handouts with the curriculum
and such in the classroom
so when you get back. look over them.
Midoriya…
Have the old lady
fix you in the nurse's office.
Tomorrow will be packed
with even more rigorous tests.
Prepare yourself.
I got through this for now.
but there was too much
that I couldn't do.
20 IZUKU MIDORIYA
I'm starting from last place.
I have a lot to learn from here on out
in order to get closer
to what I dream of becoming!
Aizawa. you liar!
All Might. So you were watching?
Too much time on your hands?
"A rational deception" you said?
April Fool's was last week.
TEACHER DIRECTORY
You punished a whole class
of last year's first-years
with expulsion.
You cut those you judge to be
without potential without hesitation.
For a man like that
to take back his words…
That must be
because you also felt
the potential of that kid. right?
"Also"?
You seem to be supporting him
quite a bit.
Is that how a teacher should be acting?
His potential was not zero.
That's all it was.
I will always cut those without potential.
There's nothing crueler
than letting a dream end midway.
So you're being kind
in your own way. huh. Aizawa?
But we don't really get along after all.
I'm so tired…
Iida!
Is your finger healed?
Yeah. thanks to Recovery Girl.
NURSE'S OFFICE
Wow. it's healed!
But I suddenly feel very tired…
My Quirk can only stimulate
a person's healing ability.
Healing requires stamina.
If you keep getting major injuries.
you'll use too much stamina
and end up dying instead. so be careful.
I'll end up dying instead?
I can't just keep getting help
from others.
I have to hurry up
and learn to control my power.
I was really taken in by Mr. Aizawa.
I even thought.
"This is the best of the best" and such.
I didn't think a teacher
would encourage us with a lie.
I thought Iida was scary.
but he's just earnest.
Hey! You two!
Going to the station?
Wait for me!
Uraraka?
You're the infinity girl.
I'm Ochaco Uraraka.
Um. you're Tenya Iida.
and you're Deku Midoriya. right?
"Deku"?
Huh? But during the fitness test.
the boy named Bakugo said…
Deku. you bastard!
Right?
Uh… my real name is Izuku.
but Deku is what Kacchan calls me
to make fun of me…
An insult?
Oh. is that right? Sorry!
But "Deku" sounds like the Japanese word
for "You can do it!"
so I kinda like it.
-I'm Deku!
-Midoriya?
You're accepting it too easily!
Wasn't that an insult?
It's like a Copernican Revolution…
"Co-pe"?
There are so many things I can't do.
I have to work hard and do my best.
But. All Might.
I can at least be happy
that I have friends. right?
You don't have time to relax.
young man.
The real thing starts tomorrow.
The curriculum
of U.A. High's hero course:
Regular required classes.
like English. in the morning.
Which of these English sentences is wrong?
So normal…
So damn boring.
Everybody. heads up!
Let's get this party started!
The relative pronoun is in
the wrong place in number four!
Okay. Yaoyorozu. come on!
Lunch is at the main cafeteria.
where we can buy gourmet food
for reasonable prices.
White rice
is great comfort food. isn't it?
Yeah.
And then. in the afternoon.
we finally have…
Hero Basic Training.
I am…
coming through the door
like a normal person.
It's All Might!
Wow. he really is a teacher!
That's a costume
from the Silver Age. isn't it?
Its style is so different.
it's giving me goose bumps.
I teach Hero Basic Training.
It is a subject where you train
in different ways
to learn the basics of being a hero.
You'll take the most units
of this subject!
Let's get right into it!
This is what we'll do today…
Combat training!
Combat…
…training.
And to go with that are these!
Costumes made
based on your Quirk registrations
and requests you sent in
before school started.
Costumes!
After you change. gather in Ground Beta!
Yes. sir!
They say the clothes make the man.
young men and ladies.
Be fully aware…
From now on…
You are heroes!
That's great. everyone. You all look cool!
Now. shall we begin. you zygotes?
The clothing allowance.
Before we enrolled in U.A. High.
we submitted our Quirk registration.
physical measurements.
and desired designs
so a support company
under exclusive contract with the school
could prepare
state-of-the-art costumes for us.
It's a wonderful system.
THREE WEEKS AGO
I need to go to city hall to get my Quirk
registration for the clothing allowance.
But I'm already registered as "none"…
Oh. what should I do?
Quirk registration?
Oh. you can update that.
Really?
Everyone is examined
and registered all at once
when they enter elementary school
and junior high. right?
But there are cases
where people discover
their Quirks aren't
what they thought they were.
SENDS OUT THE WATER
FROM HER BODY
So you're allowed to update it
once or twice.
TURNS MOISTURE IN THE AIR
INTO WATER
They won't accept outrageous changes.
but if you had "none" before.
it's probably fine.
-I'm home!
-And by "probably." I mean I'm sure…
Oh. I hung up by accident!
I'll have to apologize later.
Welcome back!
Hey. Izuku.
Congrats on getting into U.A.!
I might've jumped to conclusions. though.
A jumpsuit?
It's not much as it is now. though.
When you'd dozed off while studying.
I happened to see your notebook.
What?
COOL LIKE ALL MIGHT
The terrible thing I said
kept bothering me.
I gave up back then.
But you didn't give up.
You kept chasing your dream.
didn't you?
I'm sorry. Izuku.
I'll support you openly
with everything I've got from now on!
These are my mother's feelings.
What'll I wear if not this!
Even if it's not the most convenient
or state-of-the-art. it's fine.
This is my costume!
Oh. Deku?
-Uraraka!
-That looks cool!
Really down to earth.
I should've written what I wanted…
Mine ended up being
a skintight bodysuit.
It's embarrassing…
The hero course is the best.
So obvious…
Now. it's time for combat training!
Sir!
Oh. that was Iida.
He looks cool.
This is a battle center
from the entrance exam.
so will we be conducting
urban battles again?
No. we're going to move ahead
two steps!
Most of the time.
fighting villains takes place outside.
but if you look at the total numbers.
atrocious villains
appear indoors at a higher rate.
Imprisonment. house arrest.
backroom deals…
In this society filled with heroes.
truly intelligent villains
hide in the shadows!
For this class.
you'll be split into villains and heroes
and fight two-on-two indoor battles.
Without basic training?
This is a real battle
to understand those basics!
However. the key this time is that
there's no robot you can just beat up.
How will wins and losses
be determined?
Can we beat them up anyway?
Will the punishment be expulsion
like with Mr. Aizawa?
How shall we be split up?
Isn't this cape crazy?
I'll answer all your questions!
-Now listen here.
-A script?
The situation
is that the villains have hidden
a nuclear weapon
somewhere in their hideout.
The heroes
are trying to dispose of that.
The heroes need to catch the villains
or get the nuclear weapon back
in the allotted time.
The villains need to protect
the nuclear weapon
for the whole time
or catch the heroes.
The situation
feels very American!
Teams and opponents
will be determined by drawing lots!
They're being decided so haphazardly?
Pros often have to create makeshift
teams with heroes from other agencies.
so maybe that's why?
I see.
The discernment to look ahead…
Please excuse my rudeness!
It's fine. Let's do this quickly!
TEAM A
TEAM B
TEAM C
TEAM D
TEAM E
TEAM F
TEAM G
TEAM H
TEAM I
TEAM J
Wow. it must be fate!
I'm counting on you!
Seriously?
I have to speak properly. or else…
The first teams to fight
will be…
these guys!
Team A will be the heroes.
and Team D will be the villains.
Everyone else.
head toward the monitor room.
Yes. sir!
Villain team. go in first and set up!
In five minutes. the hero team
will break in. and the battle will start!
Yes. sir!
Young Iida. young Bakugo.
learn to think
from the perspective of the villains.
This is pretty close to a real battle.
Go all out.
Don't be afraid to get hurt.
Yes. sir!
If things go too far. I will stop it.
Even if this is training.
it pains me to become a villain.
So our job is to protect this?
It's papier-mâché.
Hey!
Deku has a Quirk. right?
You saw that extraordinary
strength. didn't you?
It appears to carry a lot of risk. though…
However. you seem to be especially
angry when it comes to Midoriya…
Did he dare trick me?
That damn nerd!
It's a lot of work to memorize
the building's floor plan.
But All Might is just the same
as when he's on TV.
Unlike Mr. Aizawa.
it looks like there's no punishment.
so we can relax and…
You're not relaxed at all!
Well. it's because…
we're up against Kacchan…
And there's Iida. too.
so I feel like I need to be on guard…
I see.
Bakugo's the one
who makes fun of you. right?
He's amazing.
I'll definitely surpass All Might
and become the top hero!
He's a piece of work.
but his goal. his confidence.
his physical strength. and his Quirk
are way more amazing than mine.
But that's why right now…
I don't want to lose.
A fated battle between men. huh?
Oh. sorry.
this isn't your problem. Uraraka.
It is! We're a team. aren't we?
Let's do our best!
Now. let's start
the indoor person-to-person
combat training
with Team A and Team D!
Okay. everyone.
you all should think as well.
Young Midoriya! Here. you are
no more than a single student.
I'll grade you strictly.
without playing favorites.
We've infiltrated successfully!
There are a lot of blind spots.
so let's be careful.
I still can't control One For All.
so I can't use it against anyone.
If I use that on someone. it'll kill them.
We just have to do it
with the power I have now
and Uraraka's Zero Gravity.
I've got to use my head…
Those notes on indoor battles…
battles in tight spaces…
HERO ANALYSIS FOR THE FUTURE
Remember!
Uraraka. are you all right?
Yeah. thanks.
-Deku?
-It's just a scratch.
Come Deku. don't dodge.
I figured you'd come for me first.
A surprise attack from the start?
Bakugo. that's cheating!
A surprise attack isn't manly at all!
A surprise attack is a strategy. too.
They're in the middle
of a real battle right now.
Midori avoided it!
There goes Bakugo!
I won't do so much damage that this fight
gets stopped. but I'm gonna get close!
Wow. he's like a martial arts master!
What's with this guy?
Did he read my moves?
Kacchan…
You usually start with a big right swing.
How much do you think
I've been watching you?
I wrote an analysis for all the heroes
I thought were amazing in my notebook.
In the notebook
you blew up and threw away.
My "Deku" isn't always
going to mean "useless"!
Kacchan.
my "Deku" means "You can do it!"
But "Deku" sounds like
the Japanese word
for "You can do it!"
so I kinda like it.
Deku…
If you keep going. I'll never forgive you!
Even though you're scared…
That's what I hate about you!
NEXT TIME
Midoriya. even if this is combat training.
I will give it my all.
so as not to embarrass
the name of the hero family. Iida!
Iida. you're going to play a villain. huh?
I am extremely evil. you know.
He's completely in character!
Next time. "Deku vs. Kacchan"!
I didn't know Uraraka
was a baseball player!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
DEKU VS. KACCHAN